Mta 4144 regions (#2680)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials.mdx

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the NATS account for which you want to create credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) of the NATS account for which you want to create credentials.
```

1. Click **Messaging** in the **Serverless** section of the Scaleway console side menu. The list of Messaging and Queuing protocols displays.

> 2. Use the dropdown menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the drop-down menu to select the [region](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#region) in which you want to create credentials.
```
